Sarif to HDF converter (#93)
mitre/heimdall_tools: lib/heimdall_tools/help/sarif_mapper.md

  sarif_mapper translates a SARIF JSON file into HDF format JSON to be viewable in Heimdall

SARIF level to HDF impact Mapping:
  SARIF level error -> HDF impact 0.7
  SARIF level warning -> HDF impact 0.5
  SARIF level note -> HDF impact 0.3

>   SARIF level none -> HDF impact 0.0

Reviewer: This doc needs to be fixed given the last few commits

Reviewer 2: Yes you are correct.

>   sarif_mapper translates an Sarif results JSON file into HDF format JSON to be viewable in Heimdall

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  sarif_mapper translates a SARIF result JSON file into HDF format JSON to be viewable in Heimdall
```

Author: got it. there are a few of this, I will change them to be the same.
